It's time for the course project.
In this project, you'll practice setting up
an RDS database in a multi-availability zone, multi-region configuration.
You'll connect to the database in each region and make sure that you're able to use it.
Then we'll practice a failover,
and failover that database from one region to the other,
and then see how it reconnect
our application to the newly created database in the separate region.
In the second part of the project,
you'll set up a website based on an versioned S3 bucket.
Then we'll see how versioning works and how it can
help you restore prior versions of your website.
You'll see how any accidental changes can be automatically
undone by rolling back to previous version of objects in your S3 bucket.
This project will be a great way for you to demonstrate
your newly understood knowledge of building highly available,
redundant, and resilient systems on AWS. Good luck.